Add release notes 2.10.21 (#10212)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10199

### Use `prefect deploy` with multiple deployments with the same name
Now, when there are multiple deployments with the same name, the `prefect deploy` command allows users to choose which one to deploy:

For example, if you have the following `prefect.yaml`:
```yaml
deployments:
- name: "default"
  entrypoint: "flows/hello.py:hello"

- name: "default"
  entrypoint: "flows/hello.py:hello_parallel"
```
running `prefect deploy -n default` will now prompt you to choose which flow to create a deployment for:

<img width="904" alt="prompt choose a deployment" src="https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/assets/42048900/bff5369f-9568-41c9-a2b1-b2ecdd6cd8c8">

For implementation details, see the following pull request:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10189

### Enhancements
- Enable workspace dashboard by default — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10202
- Add `SendgridEmail` notification block — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10118
- Raise state change hook errors during creation if not correctly formatted — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9692

> - Improve `prefect deploy nonexistent-entrypoint` `ValueError` - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10210

Author: ```suggestion
- Improve `prefect deploy` nonexistent entrypoint `ValueError` - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10210
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.10.21

### Deploy deployments prefixed by flow name during `prefect deploy` 

> Users can now specify the deployment to be executed by prefixing the deployment name with the flow name, providing more flexibility and control to the users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now specify the deployment to be executed by prefixing the deployment name with the flow name.
```

> To deploy a deployment with the name `my-deployment` for a flow with the name `my-flow`, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following command creates a deployment with the name `my-deployment` for a flow with the name `my-flow`:
```

```bash
prefect deploy --name my-flow/my-deployment
```

> This is especially useful when you have many flows with deployments that have the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially useful when you have several flows with deployments that have the same name.
```

For implementation details, see the following pull request:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10189

## Use environment variables in deployment steps

> Prefect now supports the usage of environment variables in deployment steps, allowing users to access environment variables during the `pull` action at runtime or during the `build` and `push` actions when running `prefect deploy`. Particularly useful for CI/CD builds, this provides more versatility in handling different deployment scenarios. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect now supports the usage of environment variables in deployment steps, allowing you to access environment variables during the `pull` action at runtime or during the `build` and `push` actions when running `prefect deploy`. Particularly useful for CI/CD builds, this provides more versatility in handling different deployment scenarios. 
```

For example, you can now use the following syntax to set an image tag of a Dockerized build by loading an environment variable during the `build` action:

```yaml
build:
- prefect_docker.deployments.steps.build_docker_image:
    requires: prefect-docker>0.1.0
    image_name: my-image/orion
    tag: '{{ $CUSTOM_TAG }}'
```

User can also use environment variables inside of steps. 

For example:
```yaml
- prefect.deployments.steps.run_shell_script:
    script: echo "test-'{{ $PREFECT_API_URL }}'"
    stream_output: true
```

For implementation details, see the following pull request:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10199

### Use `prefect deploy` with multiple deployments with the same name

> Now, when there are multiple deployments with the same name, the `prefect deploy` command prompts you to choose which one to deploy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are multiple deployments with the same name, the `prefect deploy` command now prompts you to choose which one to deploy:
```
